"What is the criticality of the ribosome binding site relative to the start codon in prokaryotic translation?In prokaryotic translation, how critical for efficient translation is the location of the ribosome binding site, relative to the start codon?Ideally, it is supposed to be -7b away from the start. How about if it is -9 bases away or even more? Will this have an observable effect on translation?ribosome binding-sites translation synthetic-biology"
"How is RNAse contamination in RNA based experiments prevented?Does anyone have any suggestions to prevent RNAse contamination when working with RNA?I tend to have issues with degradation regardless of whether I use DEPC treated / RNAse free water and filtered pipette tips.rna biochemistry"
"Are lymphocyte sizes clustered in two groups? Tortora writes in Principles of Anatomy and Physiology.Lymphocytes may be as small as 6–9 μm in diameter or as large as 10–14 μm in diameter.Those ranges are quite close to each others. Should the above be taken to mean that lymphocytes sizes are clustered in two groups, or is it just a way of saying that lymphocytes are 6-14 μm? immunology cell-biology hematology"
"How long does antibiotic-dosed LB maintain good selection? Various people in our lab will prepare a liter or so of LB, add kanamycin to 25-37 mg/L for selection, and store it at 4 °C for minipreps or other small cultures (where dosing straight LB with a 1000X stock is troublesome).  Some think using it after more than a week is dubious, but we routinely use kan plates that are 1-2 months old with no ill effect.How long can LB with antibiotic such as kanamycin, chloramphenicol, or ampicillin be stored at 4 °C and maintain selection? cell-culture"
"Is exon order always preserved in splicing? Are there any cases in which the splicing machinery constructs an mRNA in which the exons are not in the 5' -> 3' genomic order? I'm interested any such cases, whether they involve constitutive or alternative splicing. splicing mrna spliceosome introns exons"
"How can I get chewy chocolate chip cookies? My chocolate chips cookies are always too crisp. How can I get chewy cookies, like those of Starbucks?Thank you to everyone who has answered. So far the tip that had the biggest impact was to chill and rest the dough, however I also increased the brown sugar ratio and increased a bit the butter. Also adding maple syrup helped. baking cookies texture"
"How should I cook bacon in an oven? I've heard of people cooking bacon in an oven by laying the strips out on a cookie sheet. When using this method, how long should I cook the bacon for, and at what temperature? oven cooking-time bacon"
"What is the difference between white and brown eggs? I always use brown extra large eggs, but I can't honestly say why I do this other than habit at this point. Are there any distinct advantages or disadvantages like flavor, shelf life, etc? eggs"
"What is the difference between baking soda and baking powder? And can I use one in place of the other in certain recipes? substitutions please-remove-this-tag baking-soda baking-powder"
"In a tomato sauce recipe, how can I cut the acidity? It seems that every time I make a tomato sauce for pasta, the sauce is a little bit too acid for my taste. I've tried using sugar or sodium bicarbonate, but I'm not satisfied with the results. sauce pasta tomatoes italian-cuisine"
"What are the benefits of the two permutation tables in DES? Why do we use a permutation table in the first step of <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_Encryption_Standard" rel="nofollow">DES algorithm and one at the end of the algorithm? block-cipher des permutation"
"Why use a 1-2 Oblivious Transfer instead of a 1 out of n Oblivious Transfer? When initiating an, why would someone use a 1-2 oblivious transfer rather than going for an 1 out of n oblivious transfer? Perhaps a slight time overhead for the extra message encrypts, but with everything as fast as it is these days is that a concern? oblivious-transfer multiparty-computation function-evaluation"
"Why do we append the length of the message in SHA-1 pre-processing? As we know, SHA-1 is irreversible, so why do we append the length of the message to the preimage? sha-1 hash"
"What is the general justification for the hardness of finding preimages for cryptographic hash functions? Since most cryptographic hash functions are simple, compact constructions does this simplicity impose a limit on the complexity and the size of a function that can generate preimages? That is, given a cryptographic hash function,  of some length and complexity can we lower or upper bound the complexity/size of a function that finds preimages of. If not, why not?If the upper bound on the size of a function that efficiently finds a preimage of  is smaller than the output size of  and then this has implications for the strength of the hash function. How can we justify that such an efficient preimage finding function must be larger than the output size? hash cryptanalysis preimage-resistance"
"How can I use asymmetric encryption, such as RSA, to encrypt an arbitrary length of plaintext? RSA is not designed to be used on long blocks of plaintext like a block cipher, but I need to use it to send a large (encrypted) message.How can I do this? encryption rsa public-key"
"What is spin as it relates to subatomic particles? often hear about subatomic particles having a property called "spin" but also that it doesn't actually relate to spinning about an axis like you would think. Which particles have spin? What does spin mean if not an actual spinning motion?"
"What is your simplest explanation of the string theory?How would you explain string theory to non physicists such as myself? I'm specially interested on how plausible is it and what is needed to successfully prove it?"
"Lie theory, Representations and particle physicsThis is a question that has been posted at many different forums, I thought maybe someone here would have a better or more conceptual answer than I have seen before:Why do physicists care about representations of Lie groups? For myself, when I think about a representation that means there is some sort of group acting on a vector space, what is the vector space that this Lie group is acting on?
Or is it that certain things have to be invariant under a group action?maybe this is a dumb question, but i thought it might be a good start...
To clarify, I am specifically thinking of the symmetry groups that people think about in relation to the standard model. I do not care why it might be a certain group, but more how we see the group acting, what is it acting on? etc.
"
"Will Determinism be ever possible?What are the main problems that we need to solve to prove Laplace's determinism correct and overcome the Uncertainty principle?"
"Hamilton's PrincipleHamilton's principle states that a dynamic system always follows a path such that its action integral is stationary (that is, maximum or minimum).Why should the action integral be stationary? On what basis did Hamilton state this principle?"
